# Quantum-Cryptographic-Holography
 Quantum Cryptographic Holography or QCH for short is a quantum cryptography software that utilises and manipulates dimensional objects including a timing mechanism within a holgraphic framework.  The holographic framework uses twinned image tables to transfer data over a secure network using an infinite loop timing mechanism that time stamps heavily encrypted and heavily compressed data packets encoded in a 2 megapixel image.  The image tables are made from a fully rendered single image of all images held on your disk drive but they are not made from just pixel type images they can include vector images too.  In order for the encryption to work properly there has to be algorithms that can create private encryption keys from encrypted special character libraries and all other language libraries, fonts, special fonts, encrypted fonts etc. This is so that when the image tables are fully rendered they can create the compression and encryption conditions for the full render to be able to encrypt and compress data with precision using mp3, mp4 etc along with the timing mechanism.  The timing mechanism is time stamped along with the corresponding algorithms and public keys in the transferable 2 megapixel image in both pixel and vector format across multiple layers of encryption &amp; compression. this leads to the best form of encryption available and was at one time stolen along with my laptop by British Intelligence on 21/12/12.  All help in building this software is appreciated and fully open source via this github repo.

Anyone can help in building this repo or can contact me directly to discuss this repo further +447510775772 for more info..
